c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface.dll
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface.pdb
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\SelfHost1.ServiceModel.dll
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.dll
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.dll
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Server.dll
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\SelfHost1.ServiceModel.pdb
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.xml
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.xml
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.xml
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Server.xml
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\obj\Debug\WebNotes.ServiceInterface.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\obj\Debug\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface.dll
c:\Users\kennymolc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SelfHost1\SelfHost1\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface\obj\Debug\SelfHost1.ServiceInterface.pdb
